add note for cloud customers about manually enabling embeddings (#54185)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/explanations/code_graph_context.md

> embeddings will be enabled for all repositories by default.

Embeddings are automatically enabled and configured once [Cody is enabled](../quickstart.md). You can also [use third-party embeddings provider directly](#using-a-third-party-embeddings-provider-directly) for embeddings.
> NOTE: `Embeddings` and `completions` are not automatically enabled for cloud customers.

> > Cloud customers must enable `embeddings` and `completions` in the site-admin panel.

Reviewer: In 5.1, `completions` will be enabled by default when the new `cody.enabled` is configured

Author: @bobheadxi. Got it, but not embeddings?

Reviewer: I think embeddings will continue to remain off-by-default until Sourcegraph embeddings is available, but the context team might be able to share more about this (cc'd for review)

> > NOTE: `Embeddings` and `completions` are not automatically enabled for cloud customers.
> > Cloud customers must enable `embeddings` and `completions` in the site-admin panel.
> > If these are not enabled, visiting `site-admin/cody` will result in a `404` error.

Reviewer: I think the lack of `site-admin/cody` is the key thing here, we could word the notice like this:

```suggestion

> NOTE: Unless both completions and embeddings are configured, the `/site-admin/cody` page will not be available.
```
